<html>
<head>
<title>hello</title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html">
<style type="text/css">
<!--
.main {font-size: 12px}
.main1{ font-size: 14.8px }
.main2{ font-size: 16px }
.main4{font-size: 10px}
A:link {color: #0066ff; font-style: normal; text-decoration: none; cursor: hand} 
A:visited {color: #0066ff; font-style: normal; text-decoration: none}
A:active {color:  #33CCFF; font-style: normal; text-decoration: underline}
A:hover {color:   #33CCFF; font-style:bold; text-decoration: underline}   
-->
</style>
</head>

<body bgcolor="#FFFFFF" text="#000000">
<p><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif"><span class="main1"><b>If 
  you can see this page, your account with Name2Host.com has been successfully 
  opened. You have 10 days of free trial time. This account will be automatically 
  disabled by the end of 10 days, so please upgrade it to a real account within 
  10 days. </b></span></font></p>
<p><b><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif"><span class="main1">Before 
  upload any files, please pay attention to the following: </span></font></b></p>
<p class="main"><b><span class="main1"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif">(1). 
  You can use the following file names as your default home page file name, the 
  search order is: "index.html, index.htm, default.html, index.cgi, index.php, 
  index.php3". So if you have both "index.html" and "index.htm", only "index.html" 
  will be shown, if you have both "index.htm and "index.php", only "index.htm" 
  will be shown, and so on. </font></span></b></p>
<p class="main"><b><span class="main1"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif">(2). 
  When you upload files into your home directory, please put them under "public_html". 
  this directory is setup by the system and you should NOT delete it. </font></span></b></p>
<p class="main"><b><span class="main1"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif">(3). 
  For security reason, please set the permission of your sensitive files to 700(-rwx------). 
  </font></span></b></p>
<p class="main"><b><span class="main1"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif">(4). 
  Our system is UNIX, all the file names are case sensitive, we suggest that you 
  use lower case.</font></span></b></p>
<p class="main"><b><span class="main1"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif"> 
  (5). We do not support ASP. </font></span></b></p>
<p class="main"><b><span class="main1"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif">(6). 
  About CGI, perl and PHP: your CGI programs should be in: /home/***/public_html/cgi-bin/, 
  where "***" is your user name; for Perl, use: #!/usr/bin/perl; for PHP, use: 
  #!/usr/bin/php. Please do not use our server as CGI house, any CGI programs 
  that run by web pages that are not in our server will be removed. </font></span></b></p>
<p class="main"><b><span class="main1"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif">(7). 
  You can only use POP3 email when you become real user, we will tell you how 
  to setup POP3 email box at that time. </font></span></b></p>
<p class="main"><b><span class="main1"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif">You 
  may want to change the name of this file and keep it for future reference. If 
  you have more question, please check our "FAQ" page or send us email by using 
  our "Contact" page. </font></span></b></p>
<p class="main"><b><span class="main1"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif">Thanks 
  for using Name2Host.com, we hope you become a real user soon, so that we can 
  continue to serve you.</font></span></b><span class="main1"><font face="Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif"> 
  </font></span></p>
